Hello again.
So let's try to add an external stars for the different toasts and let's do this example for the host
Number two if you remember from the preview calls we see the step 2.
Up next and on Stardust but let's get a quick refresh to do it again for your love.
So if you remember we got to do HOUSE CALL.
And in the storage which shows that the first step that we need to connect an external storage we need
to have be a network adapter or if we don't have an HP network or physical other we just use do software
scuzzy adapter so we enable the software as an adapter in this host.
OK.
Then we'll charge the to our eyes cause the adapter opened fire with both.
So you see here have to ask cause what are the adapter just added a quick overview about it.
The device this place that we should see the different storage available with the ice Kaze adapter the
interface of those We're going to use it to get to the direct beat for the storage the target and the
network bandwidth and some other option.
And if you remember we need to band in our network adapter to do ice Kazee software.
If you remember that I mean this is a software that will convert a physical adapter to our eyes cause
the adapter that will detect the ice cores is gone.
And of course as this is what we need to connect connected to our physical network adapter an Ethernet
adapter to work with it as our eyes Kaze or an HP adapter.
So we click right there to a network portal and into our board you will see that we have to be kept
now available.
Do we use it as an ice Kazee for the group.
So we click on any of them you see compliant that's mean this network adapter the tabbed VM can to is
compliant to be use it as eyes Karzi.
But then the second one the same if we chose for example a VM network tree it's not compliant that's
mean you can't use this physical adapter.
Ours are nice KEZI port to connect to do scuzzy us.
So we chose one off them check them together or we just try we do one of them to send the example.
So we click OK and then you will see all the data in the recent conflict.
It is kind of distorted about the Oracle on it.
So you see do I see Kaze the VM Carolan a Jew that is compliant is connected to the usage for this ice
Kazee software adapter as our port and its work.
So weve been doing this network a number six.
We do ice the software.
So we think we do it again.
You would see that we only have one VM can have available to be bent to the eyes Kaze adapter click
OK.
So now we have two physical adapter bendin to do ice Kaze software.
So as we do this congressional we need to rescan.
So we click iscan like that.
OK.
So you see ahead rescan all it should be.
And Alda DMF is available if we box a device of course we are not going to see anything because we do
not have any targets yet.
So this ice Kaze no work but actually we are bonding your network adapter and to VM government this
is Kaze and then the next step is added the device.
We didn't not have any device yet.
So we got to the targets are the same as we did in the previews.
We click on it and we chose the IP address or do I the storage or extend our storage.
In my situation I use a software splodge start.
And of course you can use for instance or open file or any software for Create your luck of course from
the preview course we used.
And it's our simple truth that we help you to create an external externals for practicing what you will
going to learn from this.
So I give you the address of the storage.
This is the test.
OK.
So do two reasons conflict change arest kind of distortion that is all.
So we click Riskin OK and then we shall see are your devices that light.
As we say here we have two storage available to start with and ice Kazee disk.
Number one that's have 14 gigabytes.
They do i scuzzy disk number two that have forty five gigabytes.
So it's work perfectly.
So no we have to do was dictated by the software Drobo do part of the physical adapter number 6 and
7 by using the VM kernel 2 and 3.
So this is the idea how to do that.
So if we chiggers a different bait as you said we have to device.
But when we check the page we have four.
That's me.
This is the disk number one if you Racan itat you get some idea of how to do this.
You see this I mean the one L 0 and this is D1 and did all that understeer and the one ha 0 and 0 0
0 0 this is meaning that this is the same spot on I-10 but why we have two of them because we have two
board bent into this ice Kaze So that's mean the them can end them but to have direct bait to the storage
number one and do them come in and B-tree that's made the Stigand network have a connection with the
same first storage bin number take 1 0 then do the second story was seen by two physical adapter and
two V.M. come in.
That's why we see midship of two stories available in our external storage.